This is a retyping of the contents of the original QuarryCraft

-- Title Page
QuarryCraft Guide


This plugin was coded by: xxxx

-- Content page
       Contents
3. Building the Quarry
7. Fuel
8. Fuel Efficiency
9. Upgrades
12. Block Filters
13. Mining Modes
14. Pausing the quarry
14. Viewing progress
16. Video Tutorial

-- Page 3
Building the quarry

Step 1.
Place down a chest

Step 2.
Place a diamond block
against each side of
the chest. You will need 4 diamond blocks.

-- Page 4
Step 3.
Place a redstone block in each of the 4 corners.

Step 4.
Place iron bars running outwards from the diamond blocks. These will define your quarry's mining area. It is only necessary to run it from 2 sides.

-- Page 5
Step 5.
Place chests on either side of the iron bars or on top of the iron bars for storage of mined items. They must touch the iron bars and be in the defined quarry area. 

Step 6.
Place fuel in the center chest. (Look on page 7 for details)

-- page 6
Step 7.
Sneak-left-click the chest to create the quarry. It should now begin mining. 

-- Page 7 
     Fuel
Quarries will accept the following types of fuel:
- Charcoal
- Coal
- Coal Blocks
- Redstone
- Redstone Blocks

--
   Fuel Efficiency

Redstone is the most efficient (Provides the most energy).
Redstone blocks are equivalent to 9 redstone dusts.
Coal is half as efficient as redstone.
Coal blocks are equivalent to 9 coal.
Charcoal is half as efficient as coal. 

--
    Upgrades

Quarries are upgradeable. Place a chest on one of the 5 redstone corners.

Mining delay - A max of 76 emerald blocks can be placed in the upgrade chest to reduce delay between each block(s) mined

--
Blocks mined at a time - A max of 36 diamond blocks can be placed in the upgrade chest to increase the number of blocks mined after each delay.

Efficiency - a max of 100 gold blocks can be placed in the upgrade chest to increase efficiency. 
--
Ender quarry replaces mined blocks with dirt - Place a nether star in the upgrade chest to make ender quarrying replace mined blocks with dirt. This will prevent holes under the ground. 

--
    Block Filters

place a shulker box on one of the 4 redstone corners. Then place blocks which you would like to void into this box. Your quarry will still mine those blocks and use energy on them. But it will save storage space!

--
    Mining Modes
Sneak-lef click your center chest with an empty hand to toggle between classic and ender mode. Classic mode mines everything. Ender mode ignores stone, grass and dirt, which is a lot faster, but uses 50x energy. 

--
   Pausing the Quarry
Left click one of the 4 diamond blocks to pause/unpause your quarry.

Viewing Quarry Progress
Sneak-right-click the center chest with an empty hand to view

--
Resetting mining level

If you'd like to make the quarry start mining from the top again, sneak-left-click one of the 4 diamond blocks with an empty hand. 

--

   Video Tutorial
I also made a video explaining most of this stuff: 

Watch it on youtube by clicking here. 

